---
date: '2018-04-27'
title: 'Synopsis report and management-procedure framework technical working group meeting'
output: pdf_document
---

# Meeting objectives

Ensure everyone has an up-to-date understanding of the current status of the project.

Agree to project goals and objectives as defined in the Project Charter.

Review and confirm the project boundaries as defined in the scoping table in the Project Charter.

Agree to reasonable project timeline as defined in the Project Charter.

Review draft data synopsis report content and structure.

Become familiar with the elements of a management procedure approach in the context of BC groundfish through an example case study --- an introduction to the kinds of decisions we are going to have to make and the types of output we will have to work with.

Discuss timing for the next meeting and establish work plan until the next meeting.

# Meeting agenda

09:30 Welcome and opening remarks (Greg Workman)

09:45 Introduction and overview of the project (Sean Anderson)

10:00 Coffee

10:15 Review, discussion and adoption of the Project Charter (All)

- Project Charter: to be finalized with any adjustments coming from this meeting
- Discuss and agree to project objectives, boundaries, and timeline

11:00 Introduction to the Data Synopsis Report (Sean Anderson)

- Current status and overview of report structure and content
- Discussion:
  - Recommendations for making the report more useful for users
  - Recommendations on data, plot choices, model fits, etc.

12:00 Lunch Break

1:00 Introduction to DLMTool and review of an example case study (Tom Carruthers)

- Overview of existing applications of DLMtool
- Review how various types of management procedures can work, focusing on ones we might use
- Walk through an example

2:30 Coffee

2:45 Discussion, concerns, next steps, expectations (All)

- Discuss any remaining or cross-cutting issues from today
- Discuss timing for next meeting for more detailed discussion on MP-framework itself

4:00 Adjourn
